during nine years of its operations Air
Asia Indonesia operates out of different
offices throughout Jakarta in line with
its vision to integrate all departments
under one roof for better synergy among
employees
Air Asia Indonesia butanol office in
Jalan MARSOC of Surya Dharma slapping
the glossary tangra near soekarno-hatta
International Airport
pilot and flight attendants sign on sign
of area provide briefing room
Air Asia South office
open working space 13 training rooms
toan Hall Auditorium
removal
stuff area
Board of Commissioners working area and
Lounge
cozy lounge
air asia rooftop cafe the place to work
and relax
one of the most unique things about the
new office is the AirAsia logo placed on
the roof which is visible to airline
passengers when landing at Sukarno Pizza
International Airport the logo is also
equipped with lights for high clustering
right time because of the sonic logo
AirAsia religious office is easily
identifiable on Google Maps further
strengthening air Asia's position as a
digital airline this is Air Asia
Indonesia s new home